　　北京时间5月5日，阿里巴巴集团创始人马云在周四与以色列特拉维夫大学的学生举行了一场座谈会，分享了一些人生心得。 马云被特拉维夫大学授予荣誉博士学位。他对在场的学生表示，阿里正在考虑扩大对以色列的投资　　Many years ago, when I first started Alibaba, during tough times, a friend said to me: If you want to be stronger, please, go to Israel. Over the years Alibaba has had a lot of setbacks, and we’ve made a lot of mistakes. There were thousands of times I said to myself and to colleagues at Alibaba: never give up. [In Israel] We find people here are born to believe ‘never give up’. This is what has made Israel a miracle in only 70 years.　　许多年前，当我第一次创业时，我的一个朋友对我说:如果你想变得更强，就去以色列吧。在过去的几年里，阿里巴巴遇到了很多挫折，我们也犯了很多错误。有几千次我对自己和阿里巴巴的同事说：永远不要放弃。[在以色列]我们发现这里的人们生来就相信“永不放弃”。这使以色列在短短70年里成为一个奇迹。　　You don’t have any cars, but you have the best technology for car manufacturing. You don’t have any diamonds, but you have one of the world’s largest diamond exchanges. You don’t have water, you don’t have oil, you don’t have any resources, still you make yourself so strong. In my mind, Israel represents, wisdom, innovation, and persistence.　　你没有汽车，但你拥有最好的汽车制造技术。你没有钻石，但你拥有世界上最大的钻石交易所之一。你没有水，没有石油，没有任何资源，你仍然让自己变得如此强大。在我看来，以色列代表着智慧、创新和坚持。　　The most precious thing in this world is the human brain. The most valuable asset we have is that we’ve all gone through tough days and tough experiences, and a lot of failures and mistakes. It is because of our tough lives that we are different.　　世界上最宝贵的东西是人类的大脑。我们拥有的最有价值的资产是我们经历过苦难的日子和艰难的经历，还有很多的失败和挫折。因为我们的艰辛过往塑造了我们现在的与众不同。。　　Alibaba’s mission is to help small business. We believe small is beautiful, and small is powerful. Israel has proved that small is powerful, and it is on the way to small is beautiful. We think beautiful means peace and inclusiveness.　　阿里巴巴的使命是帮助小企业。我们相信小的是美丽的，小的是强大的。以色列已经证明，小的力量是强大的，它也正在通往论证小是美丽的道路上。我们认为美丽意味着和平与包容。　　I feel honored and inspired to meet you. There’s an amazing history here, and amazing things we have to learn. All human beings in the world should learn about the history here.　　我感到很荣幸，也很高兴见到你们。这里有一段令人惊叹的历史，还有我们必须学习的神奇的东西。世界上所有的人都应该了解这里的历史。　　When I stand here in this great land, with your vision, your creativity, and your wisdom, I feel so honored to get this [honorary doctorate from Tel Aviv University]. This honor is on behalf of all the entrepreneurs fighting for their lives, fighting for the future on the way.　　当我站在这片伟大的土地上，感受到你的目光、你的创造力、你的智慧，我感到很荣幸能得到这个(来自特拉维夫大学的荣誉博士)。这一荣誉代表所有为他们的生活和未来而奋斗的企业家。　　Coming to Israel is a dream I’ve had for many years. Israel is a prosperous and innovative economy. I should’ve been here earlier, and I should come here more and more. You should not just read about Israel, you should come here, feel it, touch it.　　来以色列是我多年的梦想。以色列是一个繁荣和创新的经济体。我本应该早点来的，并且我应该会来的越来越多。你不应该仅从表面上看以色列，你应该到细细的感受它。　　In Israel I learned one word: Chutzpah --the courage to challenge convention. I believe this is the spirit that belongs to the 21st Century. This spirit belongs to the tech revolution, and belongs to the future. In the past we made people like a machine, in the future we will make machines like people.　　在以色列，我学会了一个词:Chutzpah—挑战传统的勇气。我相信这是属于21世纪的精神。这种精神属于科技革命，属于未来。在过去，我们让人们像机器一样，在未来我们会制造像人一样的机器。　　By standing on this land I understand how important peace is. The first technological revolution, directly or indirectly, caused World War One. The second technological revolution caused WW2. Now we are entering the third technological revolution. Human beings should have no wars, but if there’s going to be war, the war should be against poverty, disease, and [threats to] the environment.　　站在这片土地上，我明白和平有多么重要。第一次技术革命，直接或间接地引起了第一次世界大战。第二次技术革命导致了二战。现在我们正在进入第三次技术革命。人类不应该有战争，即使真有战争，战争也应该是对抗贫穷、疾病和环境的威胁。