　　紧张疲劳了一个星期了，到了周末怎样我们都得放松放松一下心情了，那么面对美好的阳光的周末，我们如何安排才能让我们的周末过的轻松愉快呢？　　Let’s face it, Mondays kinda suck. Even Sunday afternoons can turn sour as we anticipate the workweek ahead. More than three-quarters of people say they get the pre-work "Sunday blues," according to a recent poll. Starting your Monday feeling sad, anxious, and unorganized is hardly the way to kick off a healthy week.　　承认吧，周一真的很差劲。即使周日午后想着工作日又要来临时，我们的心情都会变糟。最近的民意调查显示，四分之三以上的人说他们在工作前会有种"忧郁周末"的感觉。周一上班心情难受、焦虑、没有计划？这样是很难开始健康一周的。　　The solution? Set aside a little time on Sunday to purposefully prepare yourself for the five days ahead, suggests women’s health expert Marsha Hudnall, president and co-owner of the Green Mountain at Fox Run, a wellness retreat in Ludlow, Vermont. Taking on even just a few of these simple hacks every Sunday will help you launch a productive, less stressful week.　　解决方法？周日留出一点时间有计划的为接下来的5天做好准备，福蒙特州拉德洛的Green Mountain at Fox Run健康疗养所的主席和共有人、女性健康专家玛莎·赫德娜尔建议道。每周日采取下列这些建议将有助于开始一个多产、没有太多压力的一周。　　Figuring out what to have for dinner on weeknights can be a surprisingly stressful time suck. Sketching out a menu plan on Sunday (and swinging by the grocery store for ingredients) will help you eat well. Go a step further by chopping and cooking veggies and a protein (like a roast chicken or scrambled eggs). Then all you have to do is heat and plate when you come home from work Monday evening.　　工作日晚上思考吃什么会让人特别有压力。周日就列出一份菜单计划（并去杂货店购买食材）会让你吃得好。再多做一步吧，切碎、烹饪这些蔬菜和蛋白质（比如烤鸡或炒鸡蛋）。这样周一晚上下班到家时，你只要加热摆盘就好啦。　　Or finally pull the trigger on that meal-kit subscription you’ve been meaning to try. Talk about easy dinner planning: Just order, and you have a week’s worth of raw materials for delicious and healthy meals.　　或者终于下定决心订购你一直试图尝试的餐饮。简单的晚餐计划？点餐就行，接下来的一周你都能吃到用原材料烹制的美味又健康的菜肴了。　　"To be healthy, we have to take care of body and mind," says Hudnall. Stress has a major impact on health and our ability to concentrate, so starting a Sunday stress-busting habit can launch the week feeling strong and focused. Four ideas to try: a guided meditation practice with the help of an app; forest bathing-a practice known as shinrin-yoku in Japan, which basically means taking a long walk or hike in a wooded area; gentle exercise like yoga; or time cuddling and playing with your pet.　　"想要健康，我们就得照顾自己的身心，"赫德娜尔说道。压力对我们的健康以及专注能力十分重要，所以开始养成周末减压的习惯可以让你在接下来的一周感觉强劲有力、十分专注。可以试试这四种方法：在应用程序的帮助下接受有指导的冥想练习；森林浴--在日本，这种做法被叫做shinrin-yoku，也就是说在树木茂盛的地方长时间散步或远足；轻度的运动，如瑜伽；花时间抱抱自己的宠物、和它玩耍。