　　德国英语的题中出现了复杂的文学词汇，并要求对时事热点进行评价，导致学生无法应付。3万名学生在网上进行了抗议。评分系统被修改。　　Grappling with the Statue of Liberty and Brexit in one English exam proved too much for more than 30,000 German school students, who are protesting in an online petition.　　在一次英语考试中，关于自由女神像和“英国脱欧”的问题让3万名德国学生难以应付，以至于他们在网上发起抗议。　　They say the texts they had to analyse were "unfair" - stuffed with highly literary and outdated vocabulary.　　他们说他们必须分析的文本“不公平” - 全是高度文学和过时的词汇。　　Baden-Württemberg state officials, however, called the texts "appropriate" and defended the exam board.　　然而，巴登 - 符腾堡州的官员称这些文本是“合适的”，并为考试委员会辩护。　　They were part of the teenagers’ crucial Abitur school-leaving exams.　　它们是青少年关键的高考的一部分。　　One task was to comment on two contrasting cartoons about Brexit, titled "Project Fantasy" and "The Realities".　　其中一项任务是对比关于“英国脱欧”的两副漫画，题为“项目幻想”和“现实”。　　That required some current affairs knowledge, besides English comprehension.　　除了对英语的理解之外，这需要对一些时事的了解。　　But it could be argued that German teenagers ought to take an interest in the UK’s exit from the EU. At least they were not asked to comment on the Common Agricultural Policy.　　但可以说，德国青少年应该对“英国脱欧”感兴趣。至少他们没有被要求评论共同农业政策。　　About 31,000 students sat the English exam in the south-west German state but the petition launched last month has collected more than 35,000 signatures.　　德国西南部约有31,000名学生参加了英语考试，但上个月发布的请愿书收集了超过35,000个签名。　　They ask the region’s education authorities to adapt the marking system in light of the "unfair" difficulties posed by the texts - and give some examples. This year’s Abitur "is not comparable with those of previous years", they argue.　　他们要求该地区的教育部门根据考试的“不公平”的难度调整评分系统，并给出例子。他们认为，今年的高考“与往年无法比拟”。　　One passage the students had to wrestle with had this challenging description of the Statue of Liberty: "Against the luminous sky the rays of her halo were spikes of darkness roweling the air; shadow flattened the torch she bore to a black cross against flawless light."　　学生们必须阅读的一段话是对自由女神像的一种具有挑战性的描述：“在光明的天空中，她的光环散发出的光线是在空中滑动的黑暗的尖刺;在无暇的光线中，阴影投射在她手里的火炬上，变成一只黑色的十字架。 “　　The exam marks were revised after an online protest petition.　　在网上抗议请愿之后，考试评分已经被修改了。