　　　　锻炼如何改变了你的生活？　　　　If I don’t answer this question， then I can never inspire others and reveal what changes working out can bring about， both physically and mentally。　　如果不回答这个问题，我就永远不能鼓舞他人，并展示锻炼会对人的身体和精神产生多大的影响。　　Working out is the best thing I have ever done in my life。　　锻炼是我生活中做过最好的事。　　　　　　▼▼▼　　Weight-55 kgs　　体重—55公斤　　Status- Single （Obviously， who will date me？？）　　情感状况—单身（很明显，谁会约我啊？）　　Confidence- Absolute zero　　自信—几乎为零　　I have always struggled with mood disorders， shyness， anxiety， low self-esteem and social awkwardness　　我总是有心理障碍、害羞、焦虑、自尊心不强、不善交际。　　Started working out in July 2012。　　2012年7月开始健身。　　Began eating healthy food （proteins， fruits， vegetables）　　开始健康饮食（蛋白质，水果，蔬菜）　　The results were now appreciable。　　结果显而易见。　　I have been consistently exercising for the past 5 years。　　过去5年我坚持锻炼。　　　　　　▼▼▼　　Now　　现在　　Weight - 73 kgs　　体重—73公斤　　Status- single （recently broke up）　　情感状况—单身（刚分手）　　Unbreakable self confidence　　坚不可摧的自信　　Every aspect of my life has changed　　生活彻底改变了　　Consistency is the key　　关键在于坚持　　Edit ： So many people are messaging and commenting here asking me to share the diet and workout plan。　　补充说明：这么多人给我私信，在这儿评论让我分享饮食和健身计划。　　There is no specific workout plan I can suggest to everybody。 All I did was going to gym regularly and there is so much information online。 Just get out of that bed and start working out。　　没有能分享给所有人的特定的健身计划，我所做的就是定期去健身，网上有很多健身信息。你只要从床上爬起来去健身就行了。　　Let me tell you。 There is no short cut to success。 I have not seen results immediately and it took me 4 years of consistent workout and eating healthy to achieve these results。 All you need is the motivation to transform yourself。　　我要告诉你，成功没有捷径，我健身的效果也不是立竿见影，我是坚持健身和健康饮食4年才达到现在水平的。你需要的就是改变自己的动力。　　Coming to food， I eat Oats， eggs， chicken breast， Whey protein （post workout） and home made food （ I completely avoid oil fried foods）　　提到食物，我吃燕麦、鸡蛋、鸡胸肉，乳清蛋白（健身后）和家里做的食物（我坚决不吃油炸食品）。　　Green tea （antioxidants in green tea has amazing benefits on skin） and Omega 3 fish oil capsules （again good for skin and overall health） are my favorite for improving skin tone。　　绿茶（绿茶中的抗氧化剂对皮肤有惊人的好处）和欧米茄3鱼油胶囊（也对皮肤和整体健康有好处）是我改善肤色的最佳选择。　　Finally drink lots of water　　最后要多喝水。　　I never quit working out even during the worst phases of my life。　　即使在生活低谷期我也从未放弃健身。　　　　　　来源：每日学英语微信公众账号　　责任编辑：陈熙